hey what's up guys it's got sniped again
HD here and today i'm gonna be showing
you the crafting dead reborn mod for
minecraft so let's get started so all
the link to tell this in the description
and i'm using too many items mod just to
show you guys what this mod comes with
so first up we have the m9 ammo and the
m9 which obviously is a pistol for
modern warfare 2 this is probably going
to do a lot of damage against zombies
there's some zombies over here there's a
lot of zombies over here ok so it takes
three bullets the ones on out ow yeah
three bullets with the m9 to kill a
zombie and you can hold the left ctrl to
zoom in alright sorry about that guys
had to do something so yeah like I said
you can old left ctrl to zoom in with a
weapon and rs to reload so yeah next up
we have the m1014 which is a shotgun
from our warfare 2 i'm pretty sure it's
for mono 42 yeah it is so it's a one hit
kill close range obviously cuz shotguns
ur awesome like that and once again you
can old buff ctrl to zoom in headshot
t-bag alright so next we have the mp5k
and ap 5 km 0 which is a submachine gun
from 1042 and black ops the original
black ops and yeah this is pretty
effective
but it has like recoil is we need a grip
on this so yeah that's the mp5k just
destroy these leaves oh yeah so next is
this ak-47 and I'm really sure that
everyone knows what the ak-47 is it's
obviously an assault rifle from so yeah
let me just test this out on this zombie
I don't know why I've had like half the
world isn't even loading well this
thing's really go to get something yeah
this is definitely better than the mp5k
so get rid of that next where's it
alright so next we have a lot of stuff
first up is the m40 ammo which is this
sniper rifle right here you can hold
left ctrl to zoom in but you can also
hold f to look through through the scope
that it has equipped on it and yeah
that's pretty cool smoke this long beach
head shot and shot alright so yeah 360
noscope 1080 no scope oh alright so next
is the empty water bottle you can't
really do anything with it you get the
empty water bottle when you drink the
water bottle and this is your water
level right here you need to keep
hydrated or else you'll like get
distorted and stuff like that so yeah an
ex is the empty soda can which you'll
get from drinking the soda out of the
soda can this saw me needs to get away
from me I don't have any weapons on me
right now so yeah I'm just gonna go
ahead and drink the soda go away
so next we have the water canteen and
empty water canteen is there a chest
over here there's no chest over here oh
yeah this is one of the randomly
generated structures usually they have
chests in it but this one doesn't but
anyway yeah so the water canteen you can
drink out of this and when it's empty
you can go to a water source and fill it
back up yeah so that's water canteen so
next we have some other cool stuff we
have bandages when you're hurt you would
just have to hold the right you're right
click mouse button thingy down and it
will heal you like that alright so then
I just hold it down and it'll slowly
heal you like that medical pack you just
hold them right and it'll heal your
hearts but it will eventually go away
and then morphine you right click and it
will heal you and it will give you Nadia
though and it really screws up your
screen as you can see right here my
screen is extremely distorted and I'm
probably throwing up as we speak but
it's not i'm not actually throwing up
but yeah so this is this really needs to
go away this is so weird oh my gosh no
okay so next we have a hatchet it kills
into it it takes to its to kill one's on
me with the hatchet so yeah I need some
more zombies over here anyway Oh
painkiller yeah so you can put this on
use this when you're hurt and you know
it's a pain killer so yeah next we have
the crowbar
it takes three hits to kill one zombie I
need to use a bandage actually okay
there we go hunting knife I'm pretty
sure the 6-2 to kill one's on me yeah it
takes two to kill a zombie dying to with
owning knife I like taunting night it's
like you know small and portable no wait
get away ow so next we have the bowie
knife from call of duty zombie games as
cool and it takes to it once again just
like the hunting knife and I am almost
dead painkiller Oh nausea no all right
well while that's happening um last but
not least we have the baseball bat so
this takes four to five hits to kill a
single zombie I think that's what it is
is either four or five I cannot remember
right now one two three four Maya all
right so yeah it takes five to ten toes
on me dying yeah so this has been a
basically a moderate view of The Walking
Dead reborn mod and yeah so like I said
there are generated structures you're
gonna spawn with nothing when you load
up a world and to actually get the world
right you need to go to more world
options and world type you need to
change it to crafting dead and then
you'll spawn with nothing and there it's
going to be zombies as long as you're
not on peaceful and random randomly
generated structures like that right
there with chests inside I know it'll
have armor apples weapons ammo and stuff
like that so yeah I really recommend you
check out this mod because it's pretty
awesome so if you guys have enjoyed this
video please give it a thumbs up it
really helps me out and helps my channel
grow and supports the video and
yeah so please like comment and
subscribe